Why am I disappointed to see?
I'm not obligated to listen to you
I won this battle after all
So enjoy the family dividend
You have to find a way to get it back
Of course, it is normal for my sister not to understand.
After all, my sister is just a girl who no one wants
Accept your destiny
Admit your identity
Stay in the sister-in-law and wait for the sister to call willingly
Today the head teacher taught us hope
The work of Gu and leaders can continue to be relieved
You two sometimes work too hard all the time
Hope tomorrow
continue
If you leave this time in front of your dad
The cooperation between the two of us will never be turned around
complete termination
I mean what I say.